Add link to dkp-catalog-applications gitrepo for example (#4107)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/2.2/projects/applications/catalog-applications/custom-applications/git-repo-structure/index.md

- Define the `metadata.yaml` of each application under the `services/<app name>/` directory. For more information, see the [Application Metadata docs][kommander_app_metadata].

> See <a href="https://github.com/mesosphere/dkp-catalog-applications">this git repo</a> for an example of how to structure external catalog gitrepos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See <a href="https://github.com/mesosphere/dkp-catalog-applications">this repository</a> for an example of how to structure external catalog Git repositories.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See [the DKP Catalog repository](https://github.com/mesosphere/dkp-catalog-applications) for an example of how to structure custom catalog Git repositories.
```
